hello everyone hello everyone welcome
travelers we are playing sumotori dreams
oh yes tell me when we're going its
feces sumo is going down oh Jesus hi Wow
it both down they haven't even given you
goddamn yet you crazy oh I just tapped
him on the head browse up until my ass
get off me brown guy whoa oh this is
amazing oh my god oh let's try this
again it's fantastic oh god hahaha
doesn't work that's amazing yeah oh my
god by spy Sokka I gone down bitch bitch
you're going down yeah Jesus terrifying
yes no can you go no yes no no where's
the ball I don't know her he's like
right there
oh no no not again not again god I'm not
gonna be able to come back from this yo
yes oh my ah that's to kneel ah man this
is like waffles sindh ahead if co-op was
a soccer game this would be it snows
Harless compact no no what does look
like oh good nice work there what are
you doing this isn't trying to play with
your feet Oh a little bit of a
breaststroke maneuver day i'm not sure
why o heroes elbow save the people's
elbow dwayne johnson eat your heart bad
move great guy right over the hafer know
ah damn okie slightly to the so he's
right well you tried for a back foot it
didn't work um oh no he's getting so
much distance get up great i get up all
about keeping your feet this is
ridiculous i can't believe this is
happening god I could get around the
other side window I'm not getting
anywhere near it don't fall lugar you
idiot go fall down blue guy face yeah
balance come on ah why can't I dive
forwards yes why can i only talk yes no
yeah oh gosh you can dinner ah yes oh no
I'm okay one more game
you